Okay so I hope you'll have fun in the exercises.
You know you build some other cool architectures of new networks.
And now now that we're done building it.
Well we have to compile it.
What does it mean to compile it.
Well that means that we have to connect it to an optimizer and choose a loss in the optimizer is the
tool that will update the weights during stochastic gradient descent when back propagating your less
back into the neural network.
And so here we go.
That's how you can pallet.
You take your model again and this time you're gonna use another method which is the compound method.
Right this is not the method of the sequential class and inside this compound method you're going to
enter the following arguments.
The first one is Europe's miser which will update the way through stochastic gradient descent.
And one of the best optimizer stochastic gradient descent is called the atom optimizer.
I recommend to choose this one as a default option.
Then you're gonna have to input the loss which is how you're going to compute you know the error between
your predictions and the targets which you have in the training set right in a training set we have
the answers for each of the images and we're going to compare these right answers to the predictions
meaning the answers of the new network to compute basically how correct or incorrect our new network
was with its predictions and then the metrics.
And that's the accuracy right.
You know the number of correct predictions divided by the total number of observations which is sixty
thousand and training set and ten thousand test.
And why do we have this complex named for the accuracy as sparse categorical accuracy.
Well that's because we have several categories right.
We have ten of them.
I think when you do binary classification it's only accuracy.
And however when you have more than two categories or classes to predict you're going to use this metric
the sparse categorical accuracy.
Right.
Very simply that's how you can value model.
And then there you go.
You're ready to train it.
But first before I show you how to train it there is this cool method that you can use again to get
the summary of your model.
You know if you want to visualize this better because there you go when you run model that summary you
get this.
So indeed this is a sequential model as opposed to computational graph.
And then you get the information that each of the layers inside your new network that you've just built.
So indeed we have a first fully connected layer or dense layer with 1 128 neurons inside.
Then we have our second layer with drop out which once again has 128 neurons inside.
And finally a final fully connected layer.
And finally our output layer that is fully connected.
That's why we have dense here again that is fully connected to this layer which are about right.
And we have indeed 10 output neurons in our output layer corresponding to the 10 classes among which
are neural network has to break the correct one.
All right.
And then you have some extra info here.
So all parameters we have this all number of parameters that's interesting and that corresponds to all
the weights inside your neural network.
Then trainable parameters you know meaning the parameters you can update through the training.
In other words the weights are the same because indeed in our new network we don't have any hyper parameter
you know hyper parameter is something that is not obtained through the training but which you can tune
then by experimenting several trainings of your neural network.
But here we don't have any anyway and there we go yes non trainable parameters these are the hyper parameters
zero.
Okay perfect.
So now that we have a moral build and that is also compiled with the best stochastic gradient descent
optimizer the right looks for you know a multi class classification and the right metrics the accuracy
when having several classes.
Well we are ready for the next step which is to train the moral and there is nothing more simple to
train the model with denser flow it is actually in just one line of code.
And besides the arguments are so simple you're just going to take your model again.
Then from it you're going to call the fifth method which once again is another method of the sequential
class and you're going to input just three compulsory arguments.
First your input which are your reshaped images you know in this 2D array containing all the images
and rows and all the pixels of the images in columns.
Then why train which are the real answers or in other words the targets which are the right classes
for each of the images in extra.
And then finally the number of epochs meaning the number of times you're going to train on the full
amount of images in a strain you know basically a number of times the full training set will enter the
neural network.
Get the predictions including the laws back propagate the laws and this for all the observations in
the training set and then there is an optional argument which you can add which is the batch size and
that's if you want to do mini batch learning which is the combination of you know remembers to castigate
descent and that's learning everything is explained in the annex parts.
But here you're going to see that with these simple arguments and with no batch size we're gonna get
a very good accuracy in the end on the evaluations that you'll see.
All right so when you execute this what do we get.
Well we get our five epochs with for each the accuracy obtained on the training sets.
That's not the final victory.
It will be of course on the evaluation side but on the training set we already have a good sign.
We get 81 percent accuracy on the first epic 85 percent accuracy on the second epic 80 almost seven
percent accuracy on the third epic eighty seven point thirty three percent on the fourth epic and eighty
seven point seventy two percent on the fifth epic.
So you see the purpose of training it on several epochs is because over a certain number of bugs.
Well the accuracy will improve because the new network remembers the previous updates of the weights
in order to make some new updates and improve the accuracy as the new network clearly understands that
it is its goal.
You know that it is what it has to do.
So you can actually try with more bugs and I'm sure you can improve a bit more the accuracy but not
too much because indeed we can see that it's about to convert but then maybe who knows with other architectures
you can get some higher accuracy and that will actually be of course the exercises of this section.
All right.
So we're going to take a little break now and we're going to keep the surprise for what we get in terms
of accuracy on the evaluation set right.
This is really the final result we're interested in.
So I'll see you in the next story all and we'll find out about that final accuracy.